Add information about the new value factories chamges (#1377)
akeneo/pim-docs: migrate_pim/upgrade_from_32_to_40.rst

Remember to check if they are still relevant, as each Akeneo version
brings new features.

Re-write value factories for custom attribute types
---------------------------------------------------

A product or a product model contains a value collection. This value collection contains several values of several types (text, number, etc).

> For performance reason, we re-implemented these value factories. If you developed a custom attribute type, you have to rewrite the value factory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance reasons, we re-implemented the factories which create those values. If you developed a custom attribute type, you have to rewrite the related value factory.
```

        public function createWithoutCheckingData(Attribute $attribute, ?string $channelCode, ?string $localeCode, $data): ValueInterface
        {
            if ($attribute->isLocalizableAndScopable()) {
                return RangeValue::scopableLocalizableValue($attribute->code(), $data, $channelCode, $localeCode);
            }
            if ($attribute->isScopable()) {
                return RangeValue::scopableValue($attribute->code(), $data, $channelCode);
            }
            if ($attribute->isLocalizable()) {
                return RangeValue::localizableValue($attribute->code(), $data, $localeCode);
            }

            return RangeValue::value($attribute->code(), $data);
        }

        public function supportedAttributeType(): string
        {
            return RangeType::RANGE;
        }
    }

You have to declare it in a new registry as well in the dependency injection configuration, named `akeneo.pim.enrichment.factory.product_value`.

.. note::
    ```yaml
        acme.range.factory.value.range:
            class: 'Acme\RangeBundle\Product\Factory\Value\RangeValueFactory'
            tags: ['akeneo.pim.enrichment.factory.product_value']
    ```

> In the first method, `createByCheckingData`, the data type should be checked. For example, it checks that an expected scalar is indeed a scalar. This is done to guarantee that data manipulated in the domain layer are corrects. This method is useful when data are coming from the outside world (product save in UI, API, import, etc). This validation is costly as soon as you have several hundreds values per product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first method, `createByCheckingData`, the data type should be checked. For example, it checks that an expected scalar is indeed a scalar. This is done to guarantee that data manipulated in the domain layer is correct. This method is useful when data is coming from the outside world (product save in UI, API, import, etc). This validation is costly as soon as you have several hundreds values per product.
```

AFAIK, data is always singular

> In the first method, `createByCheckingData`, the data type should be checked. For example, it checks that an expected scalar is indeed a scalar. This is done to guarantee that data manipulated in the domain layer is correct. This method is useful when data is coming from the outside world (product save in UI, API, import, etc). This validation is costly as soon as you have several hundreds values per product.

Author: ```suggestion
In the first method, `createByCheckingData`, the data type should be checked. For example, it checks that an expected scalar is indeed a scalar. This is done to guarantee that data manipulated in the domain layer are corrects. This method is useful when data are coming from the outside world (product save in UI, API, import, etc). This validation is costly as soon as you have several hundreds values per product.
```

> That's why we implemented a second method to avoid to do these checks. It should be used when a value collection is created from values coming from the database, as the data is already validated and consistent in Mysql. It avoid to pay the performance penalty of checking types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's why we implemented a second method to avoid to do these checks. It should be used when a value collection is created from values coming from the database, as the data is already validated and consistent in Mysql. It avoids to pay the performance penalty for checking types.
```
